Initial adaptation of SymCC Runtime to be usable as a standalone library. (#1)
eurecom-s3/symcc-rt: docs/Backends.txt

                               Symbolic backends

We support different symbolic backends; currently, we have our own backend,
which is a custom thin wrapper around Z3, and the QSYM backend. Users choose
with a build option which backend to use. This file documents the internals of
this mechanism.

> At compile time, we always insert the same calls, no matter which backend is

Reviewer: Maybe we just add With "For example, with SymCC, at build time, "

used. Also, we always link against "libsymcc-rt.so", so the choice of backend
is deferred until run time. From the target program's point of view, the only
requirement on a backend is that it must be a shared library with the expected name
that implements the interface defined in runtime/RuntimeCommon.h (with type
"SymExpr" is defined to be something of pointer width).

Depending on the build option QSYM_BACKEND we build either our own backend or
parts of QSYM (which are pulled in via a git submodule) and a small translation

> layer. The code used by both backends is in the directory "runtime", while the
> specific parts are in "runtime/simple" and "runtime/qsym".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
layer. The code used by both backends is in the top-level directory, while the
specific parts are in "simple_backend" and "qsym_backend".
```
